WF-712: Updated repo for new toolbelt changes (#15)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: docs/reference/launch-configuration.md

## Configuring a deployment to be launched (`deployment.json`)

> This file specifies the configuration parameters for starting a deployment. It can be specified in the [`launch_config`] field of a [project configuration](project-configuration.md) or passed to `spatial alpha local launch` & `spatial alpha cloud launch` via the `--launch_config` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file contains the configuration parameters for starting a deployment. You can specify it in the [`launch_config`] field of a [project configuration](project-configuration.md) or pass it to `spatial alpha local launch` or `spatial alpha cloud launch` via the `--launch_config` flag.
```

Author: Done.

        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "streamingQueryInterval": 4,
  "runtimeFlags": [
    {
      "name": "...",
      "value": "..."
    }
  ]   
}
```

| Field | Required/Optional | Description | 
| :------------- | :------------- | :------- |

> | `template` | Required | Defines the compute resources your deployment needs (i.e., its ‘topology’). See [deployment templates](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/reference/file-formats/launch-config#templates) for more details. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `template` | Required | Defines the compute resources your deployment needs (its ‘topology’). See [deployment templates](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/reference/file-formats/launch-config#templates) for more details. |
```
(I know this is existing text, but it was bugging me!)

Author: Done.

| `dimensionsInWorldUnits` | Required | Describes how big the world should be. "x" and "z" parameters must both be greater than 0. |
| `loadBalancing` | Required | The new load balancing configuration as documented in [load balancing with layers](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/load-balancing). |
| `snapshot` | Optional | Specifies which snapshot file to start the deployment from and how often to take a snapshot while the deployment is running. <br><br> It contains two optional fields: `takeSnapshotIntervalSeconds` (optional) and `startDeploymentFromSnapshotFile` (optional). |

> | `workerFlags` | Optional | Specifies any additional flags to pass to workers. Each element contains two fields: `workerType` (required) and `flags` (required). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workerFlags` | Optional | Specifies any additional flags to pass to worker instances. Each element contains two fields: `workerType` (required) and `flags` (required). |
```

Author: This is more about a global config that workers can read. I'll rephrase.

| `streamingQueryInterval` | Optional | Period in seconds between successive streaming query updates. The default value is `4` seconds. |

> | `runtimeFlags` | Optional | The runtime flags that can control advanced runtime features. Equivalent to [legacy flags](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/reference/file-formats/launch-config#legacy-flags).|

Reviewer: How are you using "runtime" here? If you're talking about "the SpatialOS Runtime", it needs a capital; otherwise, it's fine as it is.

Author: Yes, changed it to "Runtime".
